Serialization of related entities (#2091)
oasis-tcs/odata-specs: odata-json-format/5 Service Document.md

or [`deltaLink`](#ControlInformationdeltaLinkodatadeltaLink)
control information.

Related entities MAY be included in the serialization as values of [navigation properties](#NavigationProperty)
or their [navigation](#NavigationLink) or [association](#AssociationLink) links.

> Each [structural property](#StructuralProperty) or related entity to be transmitted is

Author: ```suggestion
Each [structural property](#StructuralProperty) or navigation property to be transmitted is
```
And delete the first sentence.
